
304th October of the year 30020 
File 544322 
DISCLAIMER 2020 HAS BEEN AWFUL FOR THEM CORONAVIRUS, GLOBALWARMING, WW3 THREATS. IT WOULD REALLY TOP IT OFF IF THEY WERE INVADED ALSO THEYRE AT THEYRE WEAKEST BECAUSE THEYRE ALL STUCK IN DOORS SO GET YOUR PLANS FOR INVADING READY BECAUSE WE NEED TO DO IT QUICK!!! 
Also please don’t send me back to research any time soon.  
In my travels to planet b I have been forced to learn English and have discovered many things. I have learned vital information to take it over they look like us but they’ve been weakened I believe this is the planet we sent people to(when our life was failing to ensure our race survived) they’ve weakened and they now rely on “inventions’’ they live for much shorter and nobody's alive from when mission revive happened and the “dinosaurs” were wiped out by our capsule luckily so their emergency gear has rusted and been buried so they wouldn’t have any gear to counter attack ours. 
 
They have a thing called religion where they have various belief's and quite a few worship a “god” they’ve broken law 106 trust your life with the king and worship no other. But I suppose they aren't really human anymore their more aliens, so I guess it isn't too big a deal. Each day I uploaded a file of how my day went this is more a file of religion because it'll help us blend in and plan multiverse will be closer. 
 
Judaism: 
You're not allowed to mix the different food types; meat and dairy, they believe in one god. And they're waiting for a “messiah”, a holy on, a saviour. When the messiah comes, they believe that every Jew that ever lived will be resurrected and live on the new heaven on earth, and they must be buried with any amputated limb they lost in life. Jewish law also forbids cremation, all to keep the physical body intact for when it is resurrected. They have books like the torah they donate 10% of their income to the tzedakah because they believe that whether their allowed into the afterlife is because of what they do in life. 
 
Hinduism: 
They believe in karma like Judaism they believe that what happens after death is because of what happens in life but unlike Judaism they believe in reincarnation they believe in life after death Hinduism is the hardest religion to explain the earthlings say so I'll leave it there. 
Christianity: 
When I was sent to survey, I got projected into the seas outside a Christian country and I ended up staying there, so I know most about Christianity. they celebrate a thing called Christmas where they celebrate the birth of Christ except, he isn't being born every year they say they’re in the year 2020 and that Christ was born 2020 years ago. Christmas has changed a lot it started very like a riot then America happened, and it was banned there, after that people went over and celebrated Christmas but almost like a compromise between the old riots and no Christmas at all; instead of burning pine trees they decorated them. They celebrate easter because he died why they are celebrating that I have no idea but according to them he came back to life so yay(!) and the tomb he was put in had a stone that was the shape of an egg and they want it to be special for easter, so they made it chocolate how a bunny comes into it I have no idea, easter bunny and jesus’s death I don’t know. I guess they wanted a story to lie to their children about. They also believe a man in the clouds created everything and they call him god he has a son jesus and an invisible friend the holy spirit. 
 
Throughout history there has been uprisings against them it used to be illegal to be gay, but people fought against it women used to not be able to vote but women fought against it they call it sexism when women are thought of as lower (I think that’s the easiest way to explain it) there is still (very much so) sexism. There is a thing called racism its inequality towards darker skins or ethnicity a method of bullying and being cruel. 
 
